1. 
Lateral Thinking - Trying to look at it in another point of view
2. 
Lateral Thinking - Why it should work like that
Trial - And - Error - easy to reproduce and try it out yourself
Hypothesis test - same reason as above
3.
Research - find out the law about this situation
4.
Abstraction - make a simpler model of this problem
5.
Analogy - see possible comparison and why it is plausible
6.
Means-End Analysis - look at how to solve this problem and go through it step by step
7.
Means-End Analysis - look at how to solve this problem and go through it step by step
8.
Lateral Thinking - Think outside of the box
Brainstorming - See possible solutions and try to get the best one possible
9. 
Abstraction - Think in simpler way
10.
Divide and Conquer - divide the problem based on the rungs
Means-End Analysis - Solve the problem step by step once divided
11.
Brainstorming - Think why it has possible answers and find the optimal one
Research - Crosschecking the facts
12.
Morphological Analysis - Check the relationship of the parameters in this case
13.
Lateral Thinking - Think a little bit logically
Abstraction - Think of the problem itself as a set of array instead of real people with hats
14.
Analogy - Reason with the mind of the policemen
Method of Focal Object - think of non-orthodox reasoning why that can possible be possible
15.
Abstraction - Look at the grammar and think of it in Discrete Math boolean algebra
16.
Abstraction - ordinary differential equation
Reduction - change it into Newtonian energy equations
17.
Research - each federal state are different
18.
Abstraction - Make Mathematical model out of it
19.
Analogy - Think of a dozen of cows and a dozen of goats, they are still a dozen despite being different
20.
Brainstorming - it can be due to different reasons, that Alice might win even more because of psychological burden imposed on Bonnie
21.
Research - Irrelevant how the barber look, reviews and statistic reveals much more of their abilities
22.
Lateral Thinking - the route taken from the original location to the destination, and the destination to the original location could be different
23.
Abstraction - Model it in terms of X and Y equation, then try to solve it for both X(baseball) and Y(bat)
24.
Abstraction - We look at how much the productivity of each machine is and try to look it for how many units there are
Brainstorming - There maybe some reason why the machines cannot work in parallel(ex. Bottlenecks)
25.
Abstraction - change it into mathematical model
Reduction - Look at it in a simple way, how long does it take to double in size, such that it can go to full size from half size

